before we kick off the episode I want to
give some appreciation to this community
that I am so beyond grateful to have on
December 14th I held my first ever
charity stream for the Susan luv Breast
Cancer Research Foundation in 12 hours
we managed to raise four thousand four
hundred and twenty dollars and 69 cents
yes that is the real number we landed on
it was a day that I'll remember for the
rest of my life so thank you all again
for your generosity and for allowing me
to be in this position to host something
like that that's all I got enjoy the
episode what are you doing what are you
doing don't shake things don't take
things from my style I would never take
anything from your stuff but maybe maybe
look behind you first second I'm in
alkyd I'm about to start the feud we're
actually gonna start this video with a
guide on how to become a player
moderator clearly this guy's a bot I
mean you're telling me a guy who's not a
bot would choose this hairstyle
confidently no no they wouldn't and this
one too it used to be the whole like -
noob show looking character the standard
traditional but now this is how you
identify them the hairline that goes
back 70 feet I can't stay on these guys
hold on oh of course
man Jagex it's almost like there's bots
in your game we're gonna do this crazy
quirky thing where we use an entity
hider and pretend they don't exist well
that's one way to do it it's like
they're not here at all but they are
here and jagex should do something about
it but anyway this is ally morris same
Morrison more sane well regardless of
pronunciation he's here we're here let's
do this he claims to be the best
salesman in the entire world that's a
very bold statement but I respect it
he's got a nephew that's been lost for a
while and wants us to go find him one of
the goofy parts about this dude is every
time you talk to him he manages to sell
you something from his shop and you lose
coins out of your inventory so really
glad I've got a raw chicken now thank
you so much actually now I'm gonna keep
that and cook it I bought some desert
robes were at the Shantay Pass we're
gonna go to Paulin of each and find this
dude's nephew I searched far and wide
over the internet to see if carpet rides
were in the game at this time and I
didn't find anything so I'm gonna assume
they were but I can see it now someone
in the comments Jim when I played we
didn't have
of carpet rides doing this quest and he
started playing two years ago holy [__]
it's a bear on the carpet everybody get
inside no no it's just me by hey Dee you
guys remember a couple quests ago when
Jagex made fun of their tendency to make
storylines depend on alcoholics yeah me
too
let's talk the drunken ollie alright
hold on a second before we kill this
man's liver here here's how this is
gonna go two quests from now we're
taking on desert treasure and let me
tell you it was a doozy so from this
point on we're doing a quick recap so we
can get into the juicy stuff I bribed
the drunken guy with three beers and he
told us that the nephew got caught up in
a gang there's two gangs in this town
the purple guys and the bandits it's a
very wholesome place I tried to settle
their differences by buying both gangs
camels it didn't work so I did the most
logical thing I could think of I joined
a gang I proved myself by stealing from
the population of the town
I picked pocketed one bribed a kid to
distract another one and knocked a girl
out with a wooden stick and stole her
wallet then I went to the mayor's house
and stole his wife's jewelry at this
point I'd completely forgot why I was
here in the first place but I was in the
life of crime now and I was too deep to
get myself out of it the leader wanted
me to weed out a traitor among them it
turned out to be a guy named in
traitorous Ollie's also everyone's name
here is Ollie and I'm not sure if that's
politically correct or not but I don't
care it's kind of funny the traitors
beer was on the table in the bar so I
had to poison it the bartender said that
he went to the toilet but he's never
seen a toilet in Oliver and escapes so
he has no idea when he's gonna be back
the sketchy old lady on the hill knows
how to make poison with snake venom and
camel [__] I poured hot sauce in this
camel's food and shoveled its [__] still
can't remember why I came here in the
first place I used a flute to make a
snake dance and took it to the old lady
she made me poison i poisoned the guy's
drink the leader was excited but a
little too excited I told him I'm gonna
take out his entire gang so he set one
singular guy on me I killed that guy I
went to the other gang told them to
leave or else they picked or else killed
another guy I got rid of all the gangs
the mayor thanked me and told me the
guy's nephew wasn't jailed this entire
time didn't mention that I just broke
into his house and stole his [__] I went
back to more sane and it turned out the
entire quest was just a way for him to
sell more things and then he forcefully
sold me a tinderbox quest complete
another desert quest to dabble into I
headed to user to do the golem there was
a rock guy there and he was broken so I
slapped soft clay on to his crippled
body and made him work again he told me
he needed to kill a scary demon inside I
found a letter outside written by a girl
that dig site I went to that girl and
asked about it she said notes about that
place where at the exam center one of
the artifacts that would get me into the
demons lairs at the Museum the curator
said I could not have that artifact so I
did what I do best
I took the artifact they'll never
suspect it was me I went back to user I
took the statue and put it with the
others I turned them all towards the
door and it opened now time for a big
battle just kidding there's no battle
the demon inside was already dead
I told Rock guy but he's programmed to
kill the demon I wrote your task is done
in all caps on a piece of paper stuck it
inside him and I quickly realized how
easy coding is Rock I was finally out of
his anxiety attack and the Golem was
completed I am physically and mentally
preparing for this quest I have not done
desert treasure in years so this will be
fun I'm gonna need 12 magic logs so in 7
millennia when I do cut those we'll be
good to go
I just pickpocketed hand members for an
unhealthy amount of time got some iconic
fashioned scape in the process
I need 53 thieving and ham members are
about to kxp a day so I'll probably
switch it up to finish it off while I
was there though I got a clue scroll so
hopefully we could do it the first one
is here in falador so let's get after it
err tiara and staff of water we're
looking good so far
let's keep that momentum I've been able
to get runecrafting XP for 26 quests now
and this is the first time I'll ever get
any air tiara I look kind of nice this
will actually be the second clue scroll
I've ever done if we can do it I was
able to do one a while back but it was
like mind runes or something so I didn't
bother putting it anywhere let's see
what the clue scroll guy thinks of this
yeah Oh two-step clue we're done
show me something hot Oh studded body
trimmed it was that was that by released
damn it so this thing didn't come out
until February 2006 but I think as far
as clues scrolls granted I can finish
them I'll keep any uniques that were in
the game as of the original old-school
backup date it's not like this trimmed
studded body is gonna be my best in slot
or anything also one of the most common
questions I get is what will I do if I
get a pet on this account well I'm gonna
[__]
pbut is what's gonna happen I'll make a
shameless exception if something that
insane happens there's 53 thieving baby
that's got desert treasure written all
over it
yeah sort forgot I needed fifty
fire-making so here I am chopping
willows to keep my release calm get a
shirt and there we go but I kind of
missed it but there we go fifty
fire-making I'm pretty sure that's
everything let's do this
[Music]
took a while I've been under the weather
but there's the plate that [__] got me
feeling better best believe we going
back to the desert to go and get me some
[__] treasure I remember as a
kid I was chillin Castle Wars crime do
you all know the feeling just sitting
back just trying to relax when all the
sudden there's a [__] ice attack god
damn what the hell is that I think that
guy is frozen is he allowed to do that I
think this game is broken a bunny wasn't
broke in it that was just a blitz the
type of spell that makes a kid throw one
[__] fit can't move can't hit just
stuck like a [__] then that ghost guy
comes along and makes you sit that's a
table of eight that's the power of
anxious that's the best a power of paint
shapes several she requires patience
just the power of patience
it is contagious
down the banished to get a couple
lockpick stealing from him feels good
and I don't want to stop it I want this
treasure for myself so leave me alone
I'm whipping up the goods just like
Indiana Jones I can feel the dark side
I'm one with the force but really I just
wanna played some kids with no remorse
when I get these spells
I'll have the wildy on a leash Ancients
is the key to the real pie release epic
cinematic of me going to the desert
hi my name's Jimmy J we're gonna put
your Byron loose or we're gonna be
taking a lot of a crazy course when I
was seven I don't hurt time during this
yes ladies and gentlemen we are at April
18th 2005
the day that desert treasure was
implemented into the game to introduce
some of the greatest magic spells in not
only runescape but in my opinion all of
gaming we're starting off by speaking to
this archaeologist near the Banat camp
he found an ancient tablet and drew a
picture of it so we got to bring it to a
guy at the dig site and see what he
thinks about this dude's drawing skills
Oh like I was saying desert treasure
unlocks ancient magics all the spells
revolve around one thing in one thing
only dropping noobs excuse me I'm
looking for Terry
yeah the archaeologist wanted me to show
you this apparently he found something
oh wait what can I see oh wow the
archaeologists turned out to be some
famous explorer guy and the paper
actually had an ancient language on it
and this guy tried to translate it so
we've got his notes and we're gonna go
back to the desert to show him what did
Terry say about those etchings man he he
loved him did I read it oh no no ma'am
I'm good I saw it everything I need to
do kind of boring actually he wants me
to give him a second street over the
book so I guess I'll twiddle my thumbs
for a second Hey look at the monkey what
a good guy want to be a treasure hunter
like me aren't you an archaeologist
yeah this dude is sketch yeah I want 50%
of whatever we find we're gonna help him
find whatever treasure is out here in
the desert but I'll tell you right now
I'm not sharing anything with this guy
apparently we're gonna split up I'm
going south he's staying right here and
not
literally anything awesome I went south
to the Bandit camp let's talk to the
bartender and see what he knows I'm
convinced that all bartenders tend to
know damn near everything about what's
going on he won't talk to me unless I
buy a beer for 650 coins good god I
mentioned diamonds and he freaked out as
if I called him a very bad word he said
an elder might know more about it so I
guess we're gonna go find an old guy
found embolus he's a town elder I
mentioned I'm with the varrock Museum
that triggered him he thinks I'm here
just for the money
he's only partially right I'm here for
money and dominance yeah so tell me
about these diamonds oh that's what
you're here for
never mind you're very cool and Noble
and you mean well yeah yeah so diamonds
so these diamonds were apparently stolen
centuries ago by zamorak and all his
buddies these people's ancestors have
been searching for these diamonds
there's four diamonds they're spread out
everywhere and a guardian of zamorak
like one of his friends is basically
keeping them safe so we're gonna find
him abliss here can do a spell that lets
us see general locations of where these
four diamonds are he needs ingredients
for the spell and I already brought them
here because I'm very responsible I'm
going to meet a bliss on the hill I got
here at last
it took me 20 seconds what do you mean
at last so each of these mirrors is
gonna give us an idea of where to start
looking for these four diamonds first
one okay [__] that abominable snowman oh
it's kind of nice
oh that looks like where we just were oh
look it's [__] me pyramid place snakes
all right these mirrors are practically
Wikipedia I know exactly what to do now
[Music]
figured I'd start with this place for
clout okay what is going on Jesus Christ
camera guy chill out it would appear
we're dealing with Malik the vampire
who's bullying bartenders let's confront
this dude he said another vampire has
the diamond and he hates that guy so if
we kill it we get to keep the loot we've
got to make an anti-vampire stew in a
silver pot with garlic and blood and
spices and have a priest bless it I
don't know how we're gonna pull that off
because if I walk in a church with that
concoction I'm 95% sure I'm getting
smited immediately let alone a priest
agrees to bless that thing for me
there's a man down here that lives in
the sewers he used to be in cahoots with
count Draenor but we got rid of that guy
a long time ago oh my God look at this
dude
oh we're scared of this guy than the
bosses I got a little intimidation
tactic to ease the tension hey you see
that Ron tune you don't want to know
what else I'm capable of hey could you
turn this bar into a silver pot okay did
it that was weird
he just lives down here with rats in an
anvil guy freaks me out
heading to in Tirana to get this thing
blessed figured I'd take care of this
before I put all the stuff in the pot
and not splash blood around a church
yeah guys hold on one second all right
no questions asked beautiful I'm all
geared up and ready to rumble hey Malik
where do I get blood ah my leg sucks
well here we are I'm just gonna wing it
honestly a vampire would it piss you off
if I did something like this
nothing happens what do you mean nothing
at oh my god I forgot to put the spices
in
[Music]
okay now we're ready alright baby boy
let's see what you got
how's this smell oh oh okay should I
stand here I don't really know I
actually you know what I'm gonna stand
right next to him hand-to-hand combat
except my hands shoot
scary air spells he's loving this he's
loving it all right this guy's actually
pretty good he hits a lot I don't know
if I'm doing something wrong if there's
a more efficient way to do this I don't
know
I've got swordfish prayer potions we're
good I mean we're cutting it close but
okay he's dead now
now where's the diamond where's the
[__] diamond you didn't drop a
diamond Malik
fork it over I'll show you exactly what
I did to your cousin or whoever that was
just now all right again whoa what the
stranger appeared immediately well I am
appalled basically anytime you have any
of the four diamonds on you this
stranger guy with a dragon dagger can
appear and attack you no matter where
you are in the world of runescape he
spawned the literal tick that I exited
the chat dialogue with the diamond I've
never had that happen word heard of that
happening that guy sucks dude what
what's his problem
today frosting we're going to a very icy
place and there's not gonna be any
sledding this time
there's a crying troll child over here
don't feel bad these guys all grow up to
be lunatic killers it's in their
instinct but his parents have the ice
diamond and since I couldn't just walk
up and pry it from their cold dead hands
I've got to find out from this kid where
they are and who has it I just gave this
kid a cake he is now morally obligated
to do anything I say and tell me
anything I want to know his parents were
taken by a bad guy and now they're
frozen you might have guessed it but
we're gonna go get that bad guy and show
them just what these curly horns on my
helmet mean here's the debrief we head
through this ice skate once we're in
we're gonna start taking damage and our
stats start lowering because of how
goddamn cold it is to make it through
the tunnel on the other side we've got
to take out five trolls once we do that
we move ahead to the path and find the
ice guy let's get after it one two three
four sit you know I thought that was
gonna be way more difficult than it
actually was but it's fine we move
onwards the bad guy sweet Christ these
wolves they there's an entire pack pack
does not cover it there's a colony of
wolves just wanting to rip my limbs
apart all right we have arrived to the
battleground time to take care of
business
aha flashing arrow there it is IceBridge
the first time anyone would have ever
seen that spell Salameh Kuro is that the
IceBridge phrase do you imagine if
characters in-game automatically said
that each time you casted IceBridge half
the wilderness just shouting salad baker
row impossible to rush people because
you're screaming all the time before
charging in sweet dreams ice baby you
didn't do nearly as much damage as I
thought he would and there's a super
restore on the ground that's the first
and only one on this account probably
for a very long time I'm gonna cherish
this guy now we ventured through the
barren wasteland of freezing cold [__]
and find this kid's parents slap it on
the spiked boots let's see how this goes
don't get how I felt okay here's a gate
but it appears to go right off the edge
is there something I'm missing here oh
yeah it's it's a cliff oh yeah this
looks stable and trustworthy to cross
and my heavy spiked boots look at these
guys man [__] I like to call this spell
the anti-freeze you know times wow okay
got one now the other ow
hey yeah you're welcome diamond wait the
kid had the
Dimond the crying kid had the diamond
the entire time I could have just killed
him and not saved these [__] man I've
got a problem okay well I got it I'm
gonna get out of here and sprint to the
bank before the stranger tests out his
special attack and drops me
[Music]
who want to smoke we're going to the
desert again to find that well we saw
earlier it's actually the smoke dungeon
where all the dust devils are and we're
going there to fight for read man I love
these carpets alright here it is let's
do this here we are the smoke dungeon
the place I will acquire my dragon
chained body down the road so how this
works the boss is in the big eastern
room and to unlock it we have to get the
key to get the key we need to light all
the tortures in the four corners of this
dungeon to open the chests in the middle
of the room but if we take too long to
light all the torches they'll burn out
we have to do it all over again
so let's do some cardio let's do this
[Music]
hey Kevin girl hey man what are you what
are you doing in my head alright I I
don't really need inspiring I'm just
running and doing this real quick okay
Kevin thank you
doesn't matter that people think they're
fat stupid
wait what
[Music]
just put your breakers small doesn't eat
her hardest to Kevin [__] off
somebody just find him wherever he is
just get him out of here all right well
we did it we made it in time we got the
key now we can go into the boss lair I
almost didn't record this fight that
would have been really fun I'm realizing
I probably should have brought mage to
fight him
I don't think melee is too effective
he's kind of just eating my dragon
scimitar I'm pretty sure he can't really
do anything to me as long as I pray
melee but good lord this is gonna be a
long fight he is a cool-looking guy I'll
give him that
but not cool enough check out this
weapon Jesus Christ that Special Attack
is insane but there we go
smoke diamond is acquired let's get out
of here before stranger starts telling
us some things
you
[Music]
we're on Diamond four of four the shadow
diamond we're over near the waterfall
barbarian area and this fella here Raza
low razzle oh he knows where the diamond
is and to get into the dungeon we need a
ring of visibility which he happens to
have in his pocket but the only way he's
gonna give it to us is if we go get him
a gilded cross which we'd have to
literally steal consider taking uh we're
gonna I'm gonna close that pretend that
doesn't exist back to the desert we go
the chest is over here at the Bandit
camp it belongs to some dude that oh my
god I'm wearing my zamorak book okay I'm
gonna take this off eh yeah I never had
anything I don't read books yeah this is
the part of the quest that you need 53
thieving for it's not boo stable you
have to use lock picks to get into the
chest
hopefully 19 will do was this guy this
guy doing desert treasure he's level 117
oh my god he's doing desert treasure I
can't share the same world with a guy
who hasn't done desert treasure 117
combat yet but alright let's uh let's
let's do this nineteen lockpicks creator
favoritism show me what you got
gonna take a little sippy-sip of this
bandits brew and get after it [__]
[Music]
[Applause]
well that sucked have I gotten your
cross yet yeah yeah I did all right we
got the ring of visibility slap that on
and a ladder should be somewhere oh
there it is we're gonna head down to the
shadow dungeon here we are very
wholesome place hello skeleton [__]
looks like we just have to run all the
way around and then get to his room this
maze is like seven miles long the shadow
times it sucks man all right I grew a
beard at the time it took to get here
but we're at the boss room and here's
day --mess normally I'd give this guy a
fair fight but since I have little to no
brain cells left I'm gonna show him that
life can hit you with a curveball at any
given moment you guys see that bat yeah
what it is yep so this bat is gonna ruin
this whole man's career the bats gonna
take the spotlight take the reins on
this whole operation to stop me
damage is like bet you you sure you got
this I mean I mean if you just take a
step aside he's he's hurting me that's
like I'm gonna rip this guy's head off
yeah Davis like I said I've been through
a lot today a lot of stress so these are
the cards you've been dealt Oh your true
form and I don't know this badge true
form is kind of overshadowing yours yeah
put a shirt on Davis give me the diamond
ladies and gentlemen all four diamonds
have been acquired back to the desert
for the final stretch oh hey
archaeologist how's your search going
fine anything yet I'm either freaky hey
ablest I found all four of the diamonds
why didn't leave in like three or four
hours the last six generations of my
family line has been searching endlessly
for these four diamonds huh Cody how
shut up ablis what do I do now please
just tell me where to go I gotta stick
the diamonds and the obelisks and then
we should be able to go inside one for
you this one's for you I didn't forget
about you and here you go now we could
go into pyramid all we got to do is run
past the scary guys and hope the traps
don't fling us out of this place
first floor smooth sailin second floor
cleared don't touch me don't touch me oh
oh oh come on
I was so close to the next floor good
God look at all of them come on dead
guys it's drop party time
little did they know I had IceBridge and
a DDS combo waiting for all of them and
we did it we conquered the four bosses
the pyramid are you kidding me are you
literally what the hell man yeah about a
new world huh all right what's up ghost
so he basically has no idea what era
he's in now he was frozen or trapped in
here or something he's asking me a lot
of questions I have no idea about I just
really want it i and i got poisoned and
it interrupted the dialogue there you
have it folks
desert treasure has been completed we
have the ability to use ancient magics
to assert our dominance in any scenario
we find ourselves in there they are look
at those scary-ass looking spells man
just those icons alone give me the
chills but I'm not gonna stay on them
for now because I can't afford that sort
of thing there we go I think that was my
favorite quest so far I was a lot of fun
and I'm still poisoned I'm gonna go
drink some anti poison and train my
magic and come back and blitz the
archaeologists by really damn what the
hell is that I think that guy is frozen
is he allowed to do that I think this
game is broken but it wasn't broke in it
that was just a blitz the type of spell
that makes a kid throw one [__] fit
can't move can't hit just stuck like a
[__] then that Ghost God comes along
and makes you sit
that's the power of ancients